[sighs]
[LINA]
Huh...
[TATSUYA ] If you ever want
to quit being a soldier,
I think I can help
you with that.
[LINA]
Huh?
[LINA] What's with him?
Why would he say that?
[takes deep breath]
[LINA]
I mean, sure,
it pained me to have to
point a gun at my own...
[LINA] But instead of letting
them live as demons,
I thought it would be better
to make sure their souls
were able to rest in peace.
[LINA]
This was a job for Sirius,
the most powerful magician.
Which means I was the
only one who could do it.
But why only me?
I get it now.
That explains it; Why I was
feeling so lost and impatient.
I can do it.
I can be something
other than just Sirius.
♪
[TATSUYA] You're saying that the
parasites we sealed are gone?
[MIZUKI]
I'm so sorry, Tatsuya.
I didn't mean to take
my eyes off them.
Um, Tatsuya?
I'm really sorry, too.
[MIKIHIKO] Tatsuya, please don't
blame Shibata or Mitsui.
When the sealed "vessels"
were being taken away,
even I didn't notice it.
And they were my seals, too...
[TATSUYA] Knock it off.
You can stop blaming yourselves.
I'm not at all upset about it.
[HONOKA]
You aren't?
This only means that
whoever took the parasites
is a step ahead of us.
To be honest, I hadn't
actually thought about
what to do after
we caught them.
It's not worth
obsessing over, anyway.
What he said.
It's not because you were
being careless as usual, Miki.
Seriously? You're pretty cruel,
you know that, Erica?
[TATSUYA] Still. Was this
what they wanted all along?
[MIYUKI pants]
Hey, Brother,
thank you for waiting.
The party ended
just a bit ago.
Hope you enjoyed it.
‐‐[footsteps]
‐‐[TATSUYA] Hm?
[MAYUMI chuckles]
So, Tatsuya, what are
you writing over here?
Notes about
system‐level assistance
that could lengthen
spell duration.
Nothing too exciting.
[MAYUMI]
Oh!
You know, I really don't think
that's the sort of topic that
people usually start talking
about like it's no big deal.
Anyway, what even made
you decide to drop by?
There are several after‐parties
happening now, aren't there?
I'm sure you two have gotten
more than a few invitations.
[KATSUTO]
Of course.
But we wanted to say our
goodbyes to you first.
[TATSUYA exhales]
How thoughtful.
You didn't have to come
all the way out here.
I was actually planning to go
say goodbye to everyone
a little later.
Oh yeah? Is that so?
You were cooped up
here during the party,
so we assumed you were
pretending it wasn't happening
and decided to go home
instead of joining all of us.
I'm not even on the
Student Council, though.
I can't just attend
a graduation party.
Especially... not the
Course One celebration.
[LINA]
Why not?!
Why'd they make me help
with the stupid party
when I'm not even an official
Student Council member,
yet someone on the
Disciplinary Committee
can just sit on his butt?!
The committee and council
are separate things, Lina.
Besides, you're technically
still a member,
even if it's short‐term...
[LINA gasps]
[LINA] That answer
is not good enough!
Lina, please. You need to stop
being so rude to my brother.
We all decided before
setting up for the party,
that you were a short‐term
Student Council member.
And that Brother was
still an active member
of the school's
Disciplinary Committee.
In any case, you were
excited earlier.
[gasps]
What are you talking about?
Oh, well, you see‐‐
[LINA]
It's nothing, Tatsuya! Really!
[MIYUKI] Since Lina is
a temporary officer,
we decided we would have
felt bad giving her a task
that required her
to do a lot of work.
So, we put her in charge of the
day's entertainment instead.
To be honest, when I
said entertainment,
I didn't exactly mean we
expected her to do something
in order to grab the
attention of other students
and graduates to get
them to come join us.
But it was apparent that
Lina misunderstood.
No, Miyuki, please, stop!
Don't tell him!
She did?
Yes. Because...
...out of nowhere, she jumped up
onstage in front of the band.
[LINA]
Yeah!
[MIYUKI] She sung about
ten songs in a row.
The crowd went wild!
[MARI] Yeah, that was a
pretty great performance.
Better than some
professional ones, even.
[MAYUMI]
Mari's right.
Your stage presence
is captivating, Ms. Shields.
And you have a
wonderful voice.
[LINA whimpers]
I see. Seems like you had
a memorable day, Lina.
[LINA gasps]
Oh, just leave me alone!
[ALL laugh]
Hey, Honoka. Shizuku should
be here any minute.
Yeah, I know!
[gasps]
[HONOKA]
You're here, Shizuku!
Welcome home.
Honoka... thank you.
Welcome back, Shizuku.
Did you have a safe flight?
[SHIZUKU]
Mm‐hm.
You know what? You seem
a little bit different.
Come to think of it,
she seems more mature‐like.
You have any experiences you
weren't supposed to have
over there?
Stop it, Erika!
Hey, Tatsuya.
[TATSUYA]
Hm?
There's a lot that I want
to talk to you about.
I have quite a few
messages from Ray, as well.
Now okay?
Sure. Just tell me everything.
[GROUP chatters]
[SHIZUKU]
Thanks for waiting, you guys.
Let's go.
[ALL]
Sure, okay.
Sorry, Shizuku.
I'll be right back.
[MIKIHIKO, LEO]
Hm?
[HONOKA gasps]
Wait, Honoka. Let's stay
back for this one.
They need to say their
goodbyes to a rival.
‐‐[HONOKA gasps]
‐‐[ERIKA chuckles]
[TATSUYA]
Lina!
[LINA]
Huh?
Tatsuya... and Miyuki!
Did you come to
see me off safely?
Sort of. Though this was
more of a coincidence.
Wait a second.
Didn't I tell you guys
what day I was leaving?
[MIYUKI chuckles]
I don't think so.
By the way...
You sure are taking
a lot home with you.
You had quite the
shopping spree.
Yeah! It's all
pretty great, isn't it?
[LINA] Japanese culture is
so cool and fascinating!
While studying here in Japan,
I realized that I've simply
fallen in love with it!
I can't thank you both enough.
For everything.
Don't you mean,
"I'm sorry for all the
trouble I've caused you"?
Uh‐uh‐uh! You guys
made trouble for me!
Even in the end,
you still remain incredibly
ruthless, Tatsuya.
I bet holding back wouldn't earn
me any more respect from you.
Besides, it's not
the end, right?
Well, who knows?
To be honest with you,
I'm pretty sure I wouldn't
just leave America
at the drop of a hat.
[MIYUKI] Regardless,
this is far from the end.
Miyuki?
Having said that, I won't be
saying goodbye to you, Lina.
Not yet.
[LINA gasps]
You know, Miyuki,
that almost sounds like you're
making a confession to me.
[MIYUKI] Yes, it may
have been just that.
You, Lina, are a rival to me.
Understand?
[gasps]
[MIYUKI]
I know that one day,
you'll choose to accept the
help that Brother offered you.
You'll join together with him,
making an amazing team.
And that's when our
real competition begins.
[MIYUKI chuckles]
That's why... I won't
say goodbye to you.
So I guess I'll say,
"see you soon."
[LINA sighs]
I still don't understand
any of this cryptic stuff
you guys have been
talking about, but...
...I have a funny feeling
that sometime soon, I will.
And I believe you're
gonna be right.
Okay.
Miyuki, Tatsuya?
[LINA]
Until we meet again.
Yeah. Till then.
[chuckles]
I look forward to that day
with great anticipation.
[footsteps]
[gasps]
[SOLDIERS shout]
[MINAMI grunts]
[grunts]
[SOLDIER B grunts]
[groans]
[grunts]
[gasps]
[MINAMI grunts]
[SOLDIERS groan]
[grunts]
[groans]
[SOLDIER F gurgles]
Your thoughts on her, milady?
Yes. Let's go with this one.
As you wish, Madam.
[giggles]
[TATSUYA chuckles]
[TATSUYA]
You're in good spirits today.
It's just that... it suits
you so well, Brother.
[TATSUYA]
Oh, you mean the new uniform?
Uh‐huh!
It's almost as if they designed
it with only you in mind.
No‐‐It's so perfect,
I'm positive they made
it specifically for you.
Don't exaggerate.
I'm not exaggerating! I mean it!
How could you accuse
me of such a thing?
You're why the new
Magic Engineering course
was even created!
Y'know, you're calling
it a brand new design,
but the only change they
made was adding an emblem.
That's what's so great about it!
[TATSUYA chuckles]
Is that so?
[MIYUKI]
Mm‐hm!
[PRINCIPAL]
Starting today,
the new second and third‐year
students will officially be...
[HONOKA]
I meant to tell you.
The souvenir chocolate
you gave me?
It was really delicious,
thank you!
Oh, good. Glad to hear it.
[HONOKA, SHIZUKU]
Huh?
Good morning, girls.
Miyuki! Good morning!
Morning.
Hey, are we still
on for tomorrow?
If you mean for
the party, yes.
I was still planning on going.
And my brother will be coming
along with me, as well.
Really? Thanks, Miyuki.
[MIYUKI]
Thank you.
[HONOKA gasps]
I can't wait, it'll be fun!
[ANNOUNCER A]
Last stop. This is Shinigawa.
Thank you for riding
with us today.
[AYAKO] Tokyo is still as
crowded as ever, huh, Fumiya?
[FUMIYA]
Yeah, you're right, Sis.
Should we wait for the
crowd to thin out some?
No need. Let's just
get to the hotel.
[FUMIYA] Still, it's strange,
this came outta nowhere.
Seriously? A job
in Tokyo, right now?
I mean, c'mon. Dad should
know the Fourth High
entrance ceremony is
the day after tomorrow.
[giggles]
But when you first
learned of this job,
you were so pleased
to hear about it,
don't you remember?
You were like,
"Maybe if I'm lucky, I'll get
to see Tatsuya there."
Hey, shut up! I‐I don't
care about that at all!
Really?
You're not excited by the
prospect of meeting him?
No, I'm not!
Uh...! Well, to tell the truth,
I would love to see Tatsuya.
But it's not like that's
specifically why I'm here.
[AYAKO laughs]
[groans]
[knocking]
[MAYA]
Enter.
Pardon me, Madam.
I have brought the
young girl here.
Go on.
[MINAMI gasps]
Yes, sir. Right away.
[MAYA] Minami, lift up your
head and look at me.
[MINAMI]
Yes, of course, ma'am.
I'm making a formal request of
you to do magician work for me.
I see. May I inquire
the details?
Are you at all familiar with
the Tokyo Offshore Tower?
Yes, I'm aware of it.
[MAYA]
Tokyo Offshore Tower.
It was erected in Tokyo Bay,
and stands 2000 meters high.
With 360 floors aboveground
and 36 floors underground,
it's Japan's first
"hyper‐building".
Tomorrow night, there will
be a party on the top floor
to celebrate the completion
of its construction.
However, I have obtained
information that a radical
magic supremacist group
is targeting the event.
They call themselves
the New Breed Front.
Perhaps you're
familiar with them?
A group called
The New Breed Front?
No, Ma'am.
I deeply apologize
for my ignorance.
[MAYA] They're an extremist
group who formed
in response to the humanists
boycotting against magicians.
They claim that
those who use magic
are the most evolved
form of humans
and will eventually
control the future.
Apparently, it seems their
main objective is to free other
magicians from becoming
subservient to the old humanity.
And this very same group
is plotting to launch
an attack on the
party tomorrow night?
I can't say for sure that the
New Breed Front's target
is specifically the party venue.
But nevertheless, we are more
that certain the time of the
party coincides with their plan
to attack Tokyo Offshore Tower.
And not only that,
they've been adding Extras
to their ranks, so be careful.
I'm sorry, ma'am, but "Extras"?
[MAYA] Yes. I take it you
don't know what they are yet.
It refers to families that
have been disgraced
and subsequently stripped
of their "numbers."
The reasons are various
but include treason
and the failure to
demonstrate their abilities.
I understand.
But I'm still not
entirely certain
what it is you would
like me to do.
I will have someone else stand
guard outside the building.
So, Minami, I want you to
accompany Mr. Hayama,
and the two of you will
stand by at the party.
If the situation suddenly
demands urgent attention,
you will follow
Mr. Hayama's instructions.
Am I clear?
Yes.
Pardon. I just have one more
thing I'd like to ask, if I may.
Yes, what is it?
[MINAMI]
Once I'm at the party,
what should I actually
be doing there?
I don't have any experience
being a party hostess,
so if possible, I would like
to receive a rundown
about my duties beforehand.
[laughs]
Madam?
[MAYA] I apologize.
I don't mean to laugh.
Oh, no! There's no reason
for you to apologize, Madam.
It seems you may have
slightly misunderstood
my intentions, Minami.
You will actually be
attending the party
as Mr. Hayama's Bodyguard.
I already have your invitation.
[gasps]
Certainly. I would be honored.
I'll also have a dress you
can put on ready for you
at a hotel in the metro area.
And you can do your
own makeup, yes?
[MINAMI]
Yes, absolutely.
Outstanding, then.
I'm sorry for springing
this job on you
the day before the
entrance ceremony.
[MINAMI grunts]
If it's an order
from you, madam,
I, Minami Sakurai,
shall obey without question.
♪